hello youtube and welcome to my review
of the sh figuarts kamen rider skull
crystal now this is what skull looked
like when he transformed for the very
first time before his memory was
completed and this was shown in the
movie Tyson core and I have to say I'm
not really a fan of this helmet design I
much prefer the original with the with
the S crack in it and just I like a
solid helm out i don't like this foggy
clear that they went with in the movie
but people didn't buy this figure for
the new helmet they bought it for the
nice and matte black finish so let's get
into this review
his head will rotate 360 degrees his
head moves to the side a little bit it
does not go down because it is right
there clipping but it will go up a
little bit and that's pretty much it so
not great with the scarf on of course
you know with the scarf off it would be
better but let's be honest he will not
not have the scarf huh
for torso articulation my skull does not
really have much movement in this area
because he is so tight I'm going to try
to get as much out of this as I can his
waist can twist that much the upper
torso a little bit you can bend forward
that much and back that much so like I
said the figure is capable of more but
mine is so tight that I don't want to
force it
starting with the shoulder pad it can be
moved up like this
the arm can rotate 360 degrees it has
that ball on there so it gets the
circular movement the arm twist 360
degrees below the shoulder the elbow is
double-jointed so he gets that much of a
bend the hand can rotate 360 degrees and
it can swivel
skull has the type 1 style figure our
tips so he's letting me brought down on
that Johnny you can get about that much
of a split
is that can be brought that much out
that much back his knee is double
jointed it's about that much of a bend
he has the metal style feet which can be
rotated 360 degrees I can move down that
much up that much I can be moved to the
side that much the other way that much
and his toe is on a hinge
as you can see skull crystal has a
pretty good swimmer named accessories
starting with the head he has a
semi-transparent head which has the
compound eyes of course and what it is
it's transparent plastic with black
plastic under it to get that a crystal
effect next we have his original head
with the skull cracked design and again
it has the compound eyes let's put the
two next to each other
mm-hmm moving on to the hands he has two
fists
to trigger finger hands
two hat holding hands
to splayed open hands with the index
finger pointing out to normal split open
hands comes with two different scarves
one is just a down scarf the other is a
blowin in the wind scarf jumps with two
different hats when it's just the normal
fedora and the other is a battle damaged
fedora from his death fight I was a
movie called begins night version I
suppose and he comes with his skull
Magnum which is nicely painted
final thoughts band I've really outdid
themselves with this release when the
original kamen rider skull sh figuarts
came out he had some problems with loose
legs and his fedora scratched off the
pain in this head well they fix the
joint problems and they Reese Culp to
the head to make a look more show
accurate and more form-fitting to the
Hat so it doesn't rub against it quite
as much on top of that they gave him a
new head and a beautiful matte black
finish and he comes with all the
accessories original came with so I
definitely definitely recommend this guy
Conrado skulls character has transcended
Colin rider people who don't even know
what kamen rider is love this guy just
because he looks so badass and if you're
a fan of double a fan of skull or just
look like the way he looks you owe it to
yourself to pick this guy up now about
mine when he first came out for 3500 yen
and widget which translates to roughly
$42 around there so if you can find this
guy for around that price I'd say don't
go over 65 dollars but anywhere around
that price you definitely definitely
need to pick this guy up so with that
I'll see you with the next review